[OCPBUGS#42254] [4.12] Fix broken links in ShiftStack docs (#82727)
openshift/openshift-docs: installing/installing_openstack/installing-openstack-nfv-preparing.adoc

You must configure {rh-openstack} before you install a cluster that uses SR-IOV on it.

> * Complete link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.2/html/configuring_network_functions_virtualization/config-dpdk-deploy_rhosp-nfv#create-flavor-deploy-instance-ovsdpdk_cfgdpdk-nfv[Creating a flavor and deploying an instance for OVS-DPDK] before you install a cluster on {rh-openstack}.

Author: ```suggestion
* Complete link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openstack_platform/16.2/html-single/network_functions_virtualization_planning_and_configuration_guide/index#create-flavor-deploy-instance-ovsdpdk_cfgdpdk-nfv[Creating a flavor and deploying an instance for OVS-DPDK] before you install a cluster on {rh-openstack}.
```
